readme improvements (#277)
mit-dci/opencbdc-tx: README.md

- Unmodified smart contracts from the Ethereum ecosystem can be deployed directly onto our EVM implementation.

Read the [PArSEC Architecture Guide](docs/parsec_architecture.md) for more details.
# Contributing and Discussion

You can join the [OpenCBDC mailing list](https://dci.mit.edu/opencbdc-interest) to receive updates from technical working groups and learn more about our work.
If you would like to join our technical discussions and help workshop proposals, you can join our [Zulip chat](https://opencbdc.zulipchat.com/register/).

For more information on how to contribute, please see our [Contribution Guide](docs/contributing.md)!

If you want to dive straight in, take a look at our issue tracker's list of [good first issues](https://github.com/mit-dci/opencbdc-tx/labels/difficulty%2F01-good-first-issue).

> # Installation

Reviewer: nit: I think we should change this to Setup instead of install -- I think that may more accurately describe what's going on here

If you would like to install OpenCBDC and run it on your local machine, follow the steps below:

## Get the Code

1. [Install Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
1. Clone the repository (including the submodules using: `--recurse-submodules`)

    ```
    git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/mit-dci/opencbdc-tx
    ```

## Setup the build environment

Use these directions if you would like to build the source code on your machine.
Alternatively, if you just want to run the system, skip to the [Run the Code](#run-the-code) section below.

1. Setup the build-environment

   Note that this script is just a convenience to install system-wide dependencies we expect.
   As a result, it uses the system package manager, requires `sudo`, and should only be run **once**.
   ```console
   # ./scripts/install-build-tools.sh
   ```
1. Setup project dependencies

   This script builds and installs a local copy of several build-dependencies that are not widely packaged.

>    Because the installation is done in a user-specific location (`./prefix` by default) rather than a system-wide one, you do not need root permission to run the script. Additionally, if you want to remove the installed build-dependencies or restart the installation process, you can safely delete the `prefix` directory and rerun this script.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Because the installation is done in a user-specific location (`./prefix` by default) rather than a system-wide one, you do not need root permission to run the script.
   Additionally, if you want to remove the installed build-dependencies or restart the installation process, you can safely delete the `prefix` directory and rerun this script.
```

In general, for any document-rendering process that swallows newlines (as in $\LaTeX$, or most markdown engines (including GFM)), if you're storing the document in-`git`, everything is easier (particularly reviewing diffs) if you keep to one complete thought (or sentence, at most) on a line.

>    Because the installation is done in a user-specific location (`./prefix` by default) rather than a system-wide one, you do not need administrative (root) permission to run the script. Additionally, if you want to remove the installed build-dependencies or restart the installation process, you can safely delete the `prefix` directory and rerun the script.

Reviewer: nit: Can probably just say root permission instead of administrative (root) permission

   ```console
   $ ./scripts/setup-dependencies.sh
   ```
1. Run the build script
   ```console
   $ ./scripts/build.sh
   ```

### macOS
Note: If you have not already installed the Xcode CLI tools, you will need to do so:

```console
# xcode-select --install
```
## Run the Code

> The API Reference is now housed in [an external repository](https://github.com/mit-dci/opencbdc-tx-pages/).

Reviewer 2: Let's move this line down to the Documentation section; it's a bit out of place here.

> See the [Documentation](#documentation) section below to browse.

Reviewer 2: After moving the above line to the Documentation section, I think this can be safely deleted.

### UHS-based Architectures (2PC & Atomizer)
See the [2PC & Atomizer User Guide](docs/2pc_atomizer_user_guide.md)
### PArSEC Architecture
See the [PArSEC User Guide](docs/parsec_user_guide.md)

# Documentation

> The official documentation for OpenCBDC can be found here: [OpenCBDC-tx-pages](https://mit-dci.github.io/opencbdc-tx-pages/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Github Pages hosts the official copy of the OpenCBDC [API Reference](https://mit-dci.github.io/opencbdc-tx-pages/).
```

This rephrasing is mostly just to 1) clarify what documentation is at the link, and 2) avoid the “here” idiom that makes screen-reader-users' lives far less pleasant.

# Testing

> Users can run both unit/integration and end-to-end tests on OpenCBDC.

Reviewer: nit: I would be inclined to say something like "verify setup by running tests on OpenCBDC" instead of "Users can run ..."
